Okay.
So the next batch of tests that I'd like to add will cover the other side of the equation.
What happens when the user is on the last page of job results?
So right here, I'm going to add another describe on the same level as my previous one.
So when the user is on last page of job results, what do we expect?
It's almost like the inverse of what we previously tested for.
We.
We'll say it does not show link to next page because there is no next page and similarly it shows link
to previous page because from the last page we can always move backwards.
So in this scenario, I'm going to pretend that I have, let's say, two pages of job results, 15 jobs,
and we are on page two.
So we should not have a link to page three and we should have a link back to page one.
So just to help communicate how many jobs we actually have, because we do want to sort of tell somebody
in the future, hey, we have 15 jobs.
That's how you can figure out that you're on the last page or on page two.
I'm going to scroll up and I'm going to copy this code right here.
We are executing it in the before each and we're going to execute it in our tests.
So this is not technically necessary.
But again, I think it helps future readers figure out what's going on because it just immediately tells
them, hey, this is a scenario where you have 15 jobs.
So now if I tell the user that they're on page two, they can sort of figure out ten jobs to a page,
page to I know the users on the last page.
This description helps them verbally and this gives them the actual technical implementation.
So right here, contact query params are going to be on the second page of results.
So page properties set to a string of two.
I'm going to create my root object, create root query params, I'm going to create my wrapper, I'm
going to invoke shallow amount.
I'm going to shell them out my job listings component, create a configuration using my factory function,
pass in my route right here.
I'm going to copy these three lines below because it's the same setup we're simulating as if we're on
the last page of job results.
And just to be safe here, I'm going to use the syntax that we previously used of Flushing Promises.
I'm just going to make sure once again that this thing is completely resolved and that we can be comfortable
that our jobs data property has an array of 15 objects.
So I'm going to make both of these tests right here async, make sure you apply the async to the IT
function, not to the described block.
So async here, async here.
And then I'm going to copy this code from above.
I'm going to flash my promise after the component mounts right here.
So at this point, we can assume that we have our jobs data property up to date.
And I'm basically going to do something very similar to what I did in the previous test.
I'm going to look for the next page link, and it should not exist.
And here I'm going to look for the previous page link and assert that it does exist.
So in fact, we can copy this section of the previous test right here.
So here it says next page.
We're trying to find this densest attribute when the user is on the last page of job results.
This root or link should not exist.
So I'm going to change this to false.
All right.
And then for the final test, I'm going to scroll up and copy these two lines right here.
This is looking for a previous page.
So I'm going to scroll down to the final one.
After we flush promises, we want to look for something in our HTML template with a data test attribute
of previous page link.
That is something that allows us to go back to the previous page of results.
We are on page two, so there should be a link to the previous page of page one.
So this should exist, so this should be true.
As a reminder, you have to be very careful when copying, but I think we have everything go to here's.
I'm going to save this.
Let it all run and it looks like everything is passing perfect.
So if you take a look here for our job listings component, we have covered quite a lot of functionality.
It fetches jobs, it creates a job listing for a maximum of ten jobs.
Maybe I can clarify this and add per page.
That might be a little bit more of a better description.
And then we talk about all of the different scenarios when the query params exclude the page number,
when they do include the page number, when user is on the first page of job results, when users on
the last page of job results.
So we're talking about all these different scenarios and I think our tests are really covering them
pretty well.
All right.
So that's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.